Update README (#39)
NerdWallet/renovate-integrations: README.md

### Auto Changelog

> :warning: This step is **required** if you have an existing `CHANGELOG.md` file in your repo; it's recommended for all repos and may become the default. In your repo's `Jenkinsfile`, you will want to have Indy set to automatically manage the `CHANGELOG.md` and `VERSION` files.  This can be done ahead of receiving the onboarding PR branch, or when you recieve it, you can add it as a commit to that branch (editing the file in the branch of the PR through the web in GitHub works fine). Don't forget to bump any existing `CHANGELOG.md` in a commit as well, otherwise you might see an `indy lint` failure for the build!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: This step is **required** if you have an existing `CHANGELOG.md` file in your repo; it's recommended for all repos and may become the default. In your repo's `Jenkinsfile`, you will want to have Indy set to automatically manage the `CHANGELOG.md` and `VERSION` files.  This can be done ahead of receiving the onboarding PR branch, or when you recieve it, you can add it as a commit to that branch (editing the file in the branch of the PR through the web in GitHub works fine). 

In other words, if your "Configure Renovate" PR has a build failure, and your project has an existing `CHANGELOG.md` file, add a commit to the branch that edits the `Jenkinsfile` like so:
```
